Hello I have a small food today
Terry for you and I was one
week with my sister alone
Home and I hope you like it all
you and wish you a lot of fun there
is saturday morning and we have it
gingerbread weapon with some nutella and
Banana and I drink warm juice
with some cinnamon likes and likes
let's taste it now
For lunch today there is spaghetti
with minced meat sauce and some cucumbers
Salad and I drink as always
my apple spritzer
I know we feed this week
probably not very healthy
but in between there are still
a tangerine and then I will
still had some sun and an even
children's country instead of evening bread drink
Today I have a hot white chocolate
with gingerbread spice and some cream
it's Sunday morning now and I'm eating
a bun one half with cooked
egg and the other half with a bit of sausage
cheese and a tomato and I drink
again a hot desert gingerbread
Chocolate for lunch is available today
a schnitzel potatoes cucumber again
salad and some ketchup I have
but a second portion
eaten and really really good
Tasted for dinner there is today
just crunch isley that is now
from Kaufland it tastes incredibly good
and above all , it's about rosin and that
I do not like it
it's monday monday and me first
oatmeal with banana apple and how
always something cinnamon
I'm totally in
Christmas mood somehow
and throw everything I eat or
Drink cinnamon for lunch
today 0 casserole with something
chicken bacon and of course around
on it crisis and for dinner bread can be
a toast with nutella and banana and
half an apple and in the evening before
Of course, no television is allowed
choose chips and these are mine
absolute favorite chips there is mine
opinion no better and the
Let me taste it now
already on Tuesday morning and there are big ones
ham with cheese and cheese and ham
with a hot chocolate and yes me
I ate two croissants
For lunch there is open today
vegetables with potatoes and onions
it really tastes incredibly good
I really like that for dinner
There is something weird today
muffins but they really taste
really good that is such a yeast dough
called simply rolled in kitchens and in
Turned cinnamon and sugar and then into the
Muffin is done and tastes like that
delicious and which I then with
glaze and one eaten without glaze
now it is already Wednesday morning
today there are pancakes with us
again with some nutella and something
strawberry banana pury & i love it
They can somehow pancakes about anything
Eat every day and they really have
tasted incredibly good
lunch there is something
pea stew with a bun
i love a shock i might as well
Shock not only in winter or in winter
I could also eat a pot in the fall
summer it
I just love it so much
Opinions a shop pea stew or
lentil stew or potato stew me
dear go stew and i have
but two of these bowls
eaten
For dinner there was just something
Milk rice with apple sauce and as always
something cinnamon or michaels I could
I also fancy I love milk rice
whether with cherries or apple sauce and then
later I also have a mandarin
Eaten and that's it
I have been recording for five days now
I hope you enjoyed the video and
See you next time
bye